Flink 提供两种关系模型处理的API：TableAPI 和SQL

这两个API和dataset api ， datastream api是紧密结合在一起的，他们之间可以互相切换。

但是，个别的组合是不支持的。

 

# 依赖

All Table API and SQL components are bundled in the `flink-table` or `flink-table-blink` Maven artifacts.

- `flink-table-common`: A common module for extending the table ecosystem by custom functions, formats, etc.
- `flink-table-api-java`: The Table & SQL API for pure table programs using the Java programming language (in early development stage, not recommended!).
- `flink-table-api-scala`: The Table & SQL API for pure table programs using the Scala programming language (in early development stage, not recommended!).
- `flink-table-api-java-bridge`: The Table & SQL API with DataStream/DataSet API support using the Java programming language.
- `flink-table-api-scala-bridge`: The Table & SQL API with DataStream/DataSet API support using the Scala programming language.
- `flink-table-planner`: The table program planner and runtime. This was the only planner of Flink before the 1.9 release. It is still the recommended one.
- `flink-table-planner-blink`: The new Blink planner.
- `flink-table-runtime-blink`: The new Blink runtime.
- `flink-table-uber`: Packages the API modules above plus the old planner into a distribution for most Table & SQL API use cases. The uber JAR file `flink-table-*.jar` is located in the `/lib` directory of a Flink release by default.
- `flink-table-uber-blink`: Packages the API modules above plus the Blink specific modules into a distribution for most Table & SQL API use cases. The uber JAR file `flink-table-blink-*.jar` is located in the `/lib` directory of a Flink release by default.

使用maven命令创建table api项目，依赖会自动引入，命令参考《[java项目模板](../01.项目构建设置/Java项目模板.md)》