##### 001 allow_system_table_mods

off

Allows modifications of the structure of system tables.

##### 002 application_name

NAVICAT

Sets the application name to be reported in statistics and logs.

##### 003 archive_command

(disabled)

Sets the shell command that will be called to archive a WAL file.

##### 004 archive_mode

off

Allows archiving of WAL files using archive_command.

##### 005 archive_timeout

0

Forces a switch to the next xlog file if a new file has not been started within N seconds.

##### 006 array_nulls

on

Enable input of NULL elements in arrays.

##### 007 authentication_timeout

1min

Sets the maximum allowed time to complete client authentication.

##### 008 autovacuum

on

Starts the autovacuum subprocess.

##### 009 autovacuum_analyze_scale_factor

0.1

Number of tuple inserts, updates, or deletes prior to analyze as a fraction of reltuples.

##### 010 autovacuum_analyze_threshold

50

Minimum number of tuple inserts, updates, or deletes prior to analyze.

##### 011 autovacuum_freeze_max_age

200000000

Age at which to autovacuum a table to prevent transaction ID wraparound.

##### 012 autovacuum_max_workers

3

Sets the maximum number of simultaneously running autovacuum worker processes.

##### 013 autovacuum_multixact_freeze_max_age

400000000

Multixact age at which to autovacuum a table to prevent multixact wraparound.

##### 014 autovacuum_naptime

1min

Time to sleep between autovacuum runs.

##### 015 autovacuum_vacuum_cost_delay

20ms

Vacuum cost delay in milliseconds, for autovacuum.

##### 016 autovacuum_vacuum_cost_limit

-1

Vacuum cost amount available before napping, for autovacuum.

##### 017 autovacuum_vacuum_scale_factor

0.2

Number of tuple updates or deletes prior to vacuum as a fraction of reltuples.

##### 018 autovacuum_vacuum_threshold

50

Minimum number of tuple updates or deletes prior to vacuum.

##### 019 autovacuum_work_mem

-1

Sets the maximum memory to be used by each autovacuum worker process.

##### 020 backend_flush_after

0

Number of pages after which previously performed writes are flushed to disk.

##### 021 backslash_quote

safe_encoding

Sets whether "\'" is allowed in string literals.

##### 022 bgwriter_delay

200ms

Background writer sleep time between rounds.

##### 023 bgwriter_flush_after

512kB

Number of pages after which previously performed writes are flushed to disk.

##### 024 bgwriter_lru_maxpages

100

Background writer maximum number of LRU pages to flush per round.

##### 025 bgwriter_lru_multiplier

2

Multiple of the average buffer usage to free per round.

##### 026 block_size

8192

Shows the size of a disk block.

##### 027 bonjour

off

Enables advertising the server via Bonjour.

##### 028 bonjour_name



Sets the Bonjour service name.

##### 029 bytea_output

hex

Sets the output format for bytea.

##### 030 check_function_bodies

on

Check function bodies during CREATE FUNCTION.

##### 031 checkpoint_completion_target

0.5

Time spent flushing dirty buffers during checkpoint, as fraction of checkpoint interval.

##### 032 checkpoint_flush_after

256kB

Number of pages after which previously performed writes are flushed to disk.

##### 033 checkpoint_timeout

5min

Sets the maximum time between automatic WAL checkpoints.

##### 034 checkpoint_warning

30s

Enables warnings if checkpoint segments are filled more frequently than this.

##### 035 client_encoding

UNICODE

Sets the client's character set encoding.

##### 036 client_min_messages

notice

Sets the message levels that are sent to the client.

##### 037 cluster_name



Sets the name of the cluster, which is included in the process title.

##### 038 commit_delay

0

Sets the delay in microseconds between transaction commit and flushing WAL to disk.

##### 039 commit_siblings

5

Sets the minimum concurrent open transactions before performing commit_delay.

##### 040 config_file

/home/pgsql/data/postgresql.conf

Sets the server's main configuration file.

##### 041 constraint_exclusion

partition

Enables the planner to use constraints to optimize queries.

##### 042 cpu_index_tuple_cost

0.005

Sets the planner's estimate of the cost of processing each index entry during an index scan.

##### 043 cpu_operator_cost

0.0025

Sets the planner's estimate of the cost of processing each operator or function call.

##### 044 cpu_tuple_cost

0.01

Sets the planner's estimate of the cost of processing each tuple (row).

##### 045 cursor_tuple_fraction

0.1

Sets the planner's estimate of the fraction of a cursor's rows that will be retrieved.

##### 046 data_checksums

off

Shows whether data checksums are turned on for this cluster.

##### 047 data_directory

/home/pgsql/data

Sets the server's data directory.

##### 048 DateStyle

ISO, YMD

Sets the display format for date and time values.

##### 049 db_user_namespace

off

Enables per-database user names.

##### 050 deadlock_timeout

1s

Sets the time to wait on a lock before checking for deadlock.

##### 051 debug_assertions

off

Shows whether the running server has assertion checks enabled.

##### 052 debug_pretty_print

on

Indents parse and plan tree displays.

##### 053 debug_print_parse

off

Logs each query's parse tree.

##### 054 debug_print_plan

off

Logs each query's execution plan.

##### 055 debug_print_rewritten

off

Logs each query's rewritten parse tree.

##### 056 default_statistics_target

100

Sets the default statistics target.

##### 057 default_tablespace



Sets the default tablespace to create tables and indexes in.

##### 058 default_text_search_config

pg_catalog.simple

Sets default text search configuration.

##### 059 default_transaction_deferrable

off

Sets the default deferrable status of new transactions.

##### 060 default_transaction_isolation

read committed

Sets the transaction isolation level of each new transaction.

##### 061 default_transaction_read_only

off

Sets the default read-only status of new transactions.

##### 062 default_with_oids

off

Create new tables with OIDs by default.

##### 063 dynamic_library_path

$libdir

Sets the path for dynamically loadable modules.

##### 064 dynamic_shared_memory_type

posix

Selects the dynamic shared memory implementation used.

##### 065 effective_cache_size

4GB

Sets the planner's assumption about the size of the disk cache.

##### 066 effective_io_concurrency

1

Number of simultaneous requests that can be handled efficiently by the disk subsystem.

##### 067 enable_bitmapscan

on

Enables the planner's use of bitmap-scan plans.

##### 068 enable_hashagg

on

Enables the planner's use of hashed aggregation plans.

##### 069 enable_hashjoin

on

Enables the planner's use of hash join plans.

##### 070 enable_indexonlyscan

on

Enables the planner's use of index-only-scan plans.

##### 071 enable_indexscan

on

Enables the planner's use of index-scan plans.

##### 072 enable_material

on

Enables the planner's use of materialization.

##### 073 enable_mergejoin

on

Enables the planner's use of merge join plans.

##### 074 enable_nestloop

on

Enables the planner's use of nested-loop join plans.

##### 075 enable_seqscan

on

Enables the planner's use of sequential-scan plans.

##### 076 enable_sort

on

Enables the planner's use of explicit sort steps.

##### 077 enable_tidscan

on

Enables the planner's use of TID scan plans.

##### 078 escape_string_warning

off

Warn about backslash escapes in ordinary string literals.

##### 079 event_source

PostgreSQL

Sets the application name used to identify PostgreSQL messages in the event log.

##### 080 exit_on_error

off

Terminate session on any error.

##### 081 external_pid_file



Writes the postmaster PID to the specified file.

##### 082 extra_float_digits

0

Sets the number of digits displayed for floating-point values.

##### 083 force_parallel_mode

off

Forces use of parallel query facilities.

##### 084 from_collapse_limit

8

Sets the FROM-list size beyond which subqueries are not collapsed.

##### 085 fsync

on

Forces synchronization of updates to disk.

##### 086 full_page_writes

on

Writes full pages to WAL when first modified after a checkpoint.

##### 087 geqo

on

Enables genetic query optimization.

##### 088 geqo_effort

5

GEQO: effort is used to set the default for other GEQO parameters.

##### 089 geqo_generations

0

GEQO: number of iterations of the algorithm.

##### 090 geqo_pool_size

0

GEQO: number of individuals in the population.

##### 091 geqo_seed

0

GEQO: seed for random path selection.

##### 092 geqo_selection_bias

2

GEQO: selective pressure within the population.

##### 093 geqo_threshold

12

Sets the threshold of FROM items beyond which GEQO is used.

##### 094 gin_fuzzy_search_limit

0

Sets the maximum allowed result for exact search by GIN.

##### 095 gin_pending_list_limit

4MB

Sets the maximum size of the pending list for GIN index.

##### 096 hba_file

/home/pgsql/data/pg_hba.conf

Sets the server's "hba" configuration file.

##### 097 hot_standby

off

Allows connections and queries during recovery.

##### 098 hot_standby_feedback

off

Allows feedback from a hot standby to the primary that will avoid query conflicts.

##### 099 huge_pages

try

Use of huge pages on Linux.

##### 100 ident_file

/home/pgsql/data/pg_ident.conf

Sets the server's "ident" configuration file.

##### 101 idle_in_transaction_session_timeout

0

Sets the maximum allowed duration of any idling transaction.

##### 102 ignore_checksum_failure

off

Continues processing after a checksum failure.

##### 103 ignore_system_indexes

off

Disables reading from system indexes.

##### 104 integer_datetimes

on

Datetimes are integer based.

##### 105 IntervalStyle

postgres

Sets the display format for interval values.

##### 106 join_collapse_limit

8

Sets the FROM-list size beyond which JOIN constructs are not flattened.

##### 107 krb_caseins_users

off

Sets whether Kerberos and GSSAPI user names should be treated as case-insensitive.

##### 108 krb_server_keyfile

FILE:/mnt/hgfs/pginstaller.auto/server/staging/linux-x64.build/etc/postgresql/krb5.keytab

Sets the location of the Kerberos server key file.

##### 109 lc_collate

zh_CN.UTF-8

Shows the collation order locale.

##### 110 lc_ctype

zh_CN.UTF-8

Shows the character classification and case conversion locale.

##### 111 lc_messages

zh_CN.UTF-8

Sets the language in which messages are displayed.

##### 112 lc_monetary

zh_CN.UTF-8

Sets the locale for formatting monetary amounts.

##### 113 lc_numeric

zh_CN.UTF-8

Sets the locale for formatting numbers.

##### 114 lc_time

zh_CN.UTF-8

Sets the locale for formatting date and time values.

##### 115 listen_addresses

*

Sets the host name or IP address(es) to listen to.

##### 116 lo_compat_privileges

off

Enables backward compatibility mode for privilege checks on large objects.

##### 117 local_preload_libraries



Lists unprivileged shared libraries to preload into each backend.

##### 118 lock_timeout

0

Sets the maximum allowed duration of any wait for a lock.

##### 119 log_autovacuum_min_duration

-1

Sets the minimum execution time above which autovacuum actions will be logged.

##### 120 log_checkpoints

off

Logs each checkpoint.

##### 121 log_connections

off

Logs each successful connection.

##### 122 log_destination

csvlog

Sets the destination for server log output.

##### 123 log_directory

pg_log

Sets the destination directory for log files.

##### 124 log_disconnections

off

Logs end of a session, including duration.

##### 125 log_duration

off

Logs the duration of each completed SQL statement.

##### 126 log_error_verbosity

default

Sets the verbosity of logged messages.

##### 127 log_executor_stats

off

Writes executor performance statistics to the server log.

##### 128 log_file_mode

0600

Sets the file permissions for log files.

##### 129 log_filename

postgresql-%Y-%m-%d_%H%M%S.log

Sets the file name pattern for log files.

##### 130 log_hostname

off

Logs the host name in the connection logs.

##### 131 log_line_prefix

%n - %a - %u - %d - %p: 

Controls information prefixed to each log line.

##### 132 log_lock_waits

off

Logs long lock waits.

##### 133 log_min_duration_statement

-1

Sets the minimum execution time above which statements will be logged.

##### 134 log_min_error_statement

error

Causes all statements generating error at or above this level to be logged.

##### 135 log_min_messages

warning

Sets the message levels that are logged.

##### 136 log_parser_stats

off

Writes parser performance statistics to the server log.

##### 137 log_planner_stats

off

Writes planner performance statistics to the server log.

##### 138 log_replication_commands

off

Logs each replication command.

##### 139 log_rotation_age

1d

Automatic log file rotation will occur after N minutes.

##### 140 log_rotation_size

10MB

Automatic log file rotation will occur after N kilobytes.

##### 141 log_statement

none

Sets the type of statements logged.

##### 142 log_statement_stats

off

Writes cumulative performance statistics to the server log.

##### 143 log_temp_files

-1

Log the use of temporary files larger than this number of kilobytes.

##### 144 log_timezone

PRC

Sets the time zone to use in log messages.

##### 145 log_truncate_on_rotation

off

Truncate existing log files of same name during log rotation.

##### 146 logging_collector

on

Start a subprocess to capture stderr output and/or csvlogs into log files.

##### 147 maintenance_work_mem

64MB

Sets the maximum memory to be used for maintenance operations.

##### 148 max_connections

100

Sets the maximum number of concurrent connections.

##### 149 max_files_per_process

1000

Sets the maximum number of simultaneously open files for each server process.

##### 150 max_function_args

100

Shows the maximum number of function arguments.

##### 151 max_identifier_length

63

Shows the maximum identifier length.

##### 152 max_index_keys

32

Shows the maximum number of index keys.

##### 153 max_locks_per_transaction

64

Sets the maximum number of locks per transaction.

##### 154 max_parallel_workers_per_gather

0

Sets the maximum number of parallel processes per executor node.

##### 155 max_pred_locks_per_transaction

64

Sets the maximum number of predicate locks per transaction.

##### 156 max_prepared_transactions

0

Sets the maximum number of simultaneously prepared transactions.

##### 157 max_replication_slots

0

Sets the maximum number of simultaneously defined replication slots.

##### 158 max_stack_depth

2MB

Sets the maximum stack depth, in kilobytes.

##### 159 max_standby_archive_delay

30s

Sets the maximum delay before canceling queries when a hot standby server is processing archived WAL data.

##### 160 max_standby_streaming_delay

30s

Sets the maximum delay before canceling queries when a hot standby server is processing streamed WAL data.

##### 161 max_wal_senders

0

Sets the maximum number of simultaneously running WAL sender processes.

##### 162 max_wal_size

1GB

Sets the WAL size that triggers a checkpoint.

##### 163 max_worker_processes

8

Maximum number of concurrent worker processes.

##### 164 min_parallel_relation_size

8MB

Sets the minimum size of relations to be considered for parallel scan.

##### 165 min_wal_size

80MB

Sets the minimum size to shrink the WAL to.

##### 166 old_snapshot_threshold

-1

Time before a snapshot is too old to read pages changed after the snapshot was taken.

##### 167 operator_precedence_warning

off

Emit a warning for constructs that changed meaning since PostgreSQL 9.4.

##### 168 parallel_setup_cost

1000

Sets the planner's estimate of the cost of starting up worker processes for parallel query.

##### 169 parallel_tuple_cost

0.1

Sets the planner's estimate of the cost of passing each tuple (row) from worker to master backend.

##### 170 password_encryption

on

Encrypt passwords.

##### 171 port

5432

Sets the TCP port the server listens on.

##### 172 post_auth_delay

0

Waits N seconds on connection startup after authentication.

##### 173 pre_auth_delay

0

Waits N seconds on connection startup before authentication.

##### 174 quote_all_identifiers

off

When generating SQL fragments, quote all identifiers.

##### 175 random_page_cost

4

Sets the planner's estimate of the cost of a nonsequentially fetched disk page.

##### 176 replacement_sort_tuples

150000

Sets the maximum number of tuples to be sorted using replacement selection.

##### 177 restart_after_crash

on

Reinitialize server after backend crash.

##### 178 row_security

on

Enable row security.

##### 179 search_path

public, "$user", public

Sets the schema search order for names that are not schema-qualified.

##### 180 segment_size

1GB

Shows the number of pages per disk file.

##### 181 seq_page_cost

1

Sets the planner's estimate of the cost of a sequentially fetched disk page.

##### 182 server_encoding

UTF8

Sets the server (database) character set encoding.

##### 183 server_version

9.6.4

Shows the server version.

##### 184 server_version_num

90604

Shows the server version as an integer.

##### 185 session_preload_libraries



Lists shared libraries to preload into each backend.

##### 186 session_replication_role

origin

Sets the session's behavior for triggers and rewrite rules.

##### 187 shared_buffers

1GB

Sets the number of shared memory buffers used by the server.

##### 188 shared_preload_libraries



Lists shared libraries to preload into server.

##### 189 sql_inheritance

on

Causes subtables to be included by default in various commands.

##### 190 ssl

on

Enables SSL connections.

##### 191 ssl_ca_file



Location of the SSL certificate authority file.

##### 192 ssl_cert_file

server.crt

Location of the SSL server certificate file.

##### 193 ssl_ciphers

HIGH:MEDIUM:+3DES:!aNULL

Sets the list of allowed SSL ciphers.

##### 194 ssl_crl_file



Location of the SSL certificate revocation list file.

##### 195 ssl_ecdh_curve

prime256v1

Sets the curve to use for ECDH.

##### 196 ssl_key_file

server.key

Location of the SSL server private key file.

##### 197 ssl_prefer_server_ciphers

on

Give priority to server ciphersuite order.

##### 198 standard_conforming_strings

on

Causes '...' strings to treat backslashes literally.

##### 199 statement_timeout

0

Sets the maximum allowed duration of any statement.

##### 200 stats_temp_directory

pg_stat_tmp

Writes temporary statistics files to the specified directory.

##### 201 superuser_reserved_connections

10

Sets the number of connection slots reserved for superusers.

##### 202 synchronize_seqscans

on

Enable synchronized sequential scans.

##### 203 synchronous_commit

on

Sets the current transaction's synchronization level.

##### 204 synchronous_standby_names



Number of synchronous standbys and list of names of potential synchronous ones.

##### 205 syslog_facility

local0

Sets the syslog "facility" to be used when syslog enabled.

##### 206 syslog_ident

postgres

Sets the program name used to identify PostgreSQL messages in syslog.

##### 207 syslog_sequence_numbers

on

Add sequence number to syslog messages to avoid duplicate suppression.

##### 208 syslog_split_messages

on

Split messages sent to syslog by lines and to fit into 1024 bytes.

##### 209 tcp_keepalives_count

9

Maximum number of TCP keepalive retransmits.

##### 210 tcp_keepalives_idle

7200

Time between issuing TCP keepalives.

##### 211 tcp_keepalives_interval

75

Time between TCP keepalive retransmits.

##### 212 temp_buffers

8MB

Sets the maximum number of temporary buffers used by each session.

##### 213 temp_file_limit

-1

Limits the total size of all temporary files used by each process.

##### 214 temp_tablespaces



Sets the tablespace(s) to use for temporary tables and sort files.

##### 215 TimeZone

PRC

Sets the time zone for displaying and interpreting time stamps.

##### 216 timezone_abbreviations

Default

Selects a file of time zone abbreviations.

##### 217 trace_notify

off

Generates debugging output for LISTEN and NOTIFY.

##### 218 trace_recovery_messages

log

Enables logging of recovery-related debugging information.

##### 219 trace_sort

off

Emit information about resource usage in sorting.

##### 220 track_activities

on

Collects information about executing commands.

##### 221 track_activity_query_size

1024

Sets the size reserved for pg_stat_activity.query, in bytes.

##### 222 track_commit_timestamp

off

Collects transaction commit time.

##### 223 track_counts

on

Collects statistics on database activity.

##### 224 track_functions

none

Collects function-level statistics on database activity.

##### 225 track_io_timing

off

Collects timing statistics for database I/O activity.

##### 226 transaction_deferrable

off

Whether to defer a read-only serializable transaction until it can be executed with no possible serialization failures.

##### 227 transaction_isolation

read committed

Sets the current transaction's isolation level.

##### 228 transaction_read_only

off

Sets the current transaction's read-only status.

##### 229 transform_null_equals

off

Treats "expr=NULL" as "expr IS NULL".

##### 230 unix_socket_directories

/tmp

Sets the directories where Unix-domain sockets will be created.

##### 231 unix_socket_group



Sets the owning group of the Unix-domain socket.

##### 232 unix_socket_permissions

0700

Sets the access permissions of the Unix-domain socket.

##### 233 update_process_title

on

Updates the process title to show the active SQL command.

##### 234 vacuum_cost_delay

0

Vacuum cost delay in milliseconds.

##### 235 vacuum_cost_limit

200

Vacuum cost amount available before napping.

##### 236 vacuum_cost_page_dirty

20

Vacuum cost for a page dirtied by vacuum.

##### 237 vacuum_cost_page_hit

1

Vacuum cost for a page found in the buffer cache.

##### 238 vacuum_cost_page_miss

10

Vacuum cost for a page not found in the buffer cache.

##### 239 vacuum_defer_cleanup_age

0

Number of transactions by which VACUUM and HOT cleanup should be deferred, if any.

##### 240 vacuum_freeze_min_age

50000000

Minimum age at which VACUUM should freeze a table row.

##### 241 vacuum_freeze_table_age

150000000

Age at which VACUUM should scan whole table to freeze tuples.

##### 242 vacuum_multixact_freeze_min_age

5000000

Minimum age at which VACUUM should freeze a MultiXactId in a table row.

##### 243 vacuum_multixact_freeze_table_age

150000000

Multixact age at which VACUUM should scan whole table to freeze tuples.

##### 244 wal_block_size

8192

Shows the block size in the write ahead log.

##### 245 wal_buffers

16MB

Sets the number of disk-page buffers in shared memory for WAL.

##### 246 wal_compression

off

Compresses full-page writes written in WAL file.

##### 247 wal_keep_segments

0

Sets the number of WAL files held for standby servers.

##### 248 wal_level

minimal

Set the level of information written to the WAL.

##### 249 wal_log_hints

off

Writes full pages to WAL when first modified after a checkpoint, even for a non-critical modifications.

##### 250 wal_receiver_status_interval

10s

Sets the maximum interval between WAL receiver status reports to the primary.

##### 251 wal_receiver_timeout

1min

Sets the maximum wait time to receive data from the primary.

##### 252 wal_retrieve_retry_interval

5s

Sets the time to wait before retrying to retrieve WAL after a failed attempt.

##### 253 wal_segment_size

16MB

Shows the number of pages per write ahead log segment.

##### 254 wal_sender_timeout

1min

Sets the maximum time to wait for WAL replication.

##### 255 wal_sync_method

fdatasync

Selects the method used for forcing WAL updates to disk.

##### 256 wal_writer_delay

200ms

Time between WAL flushes performed in the WAL writer.

##### 257 wal_writer_flush_after

1MB

Amount of WAL written out by WAL writer that triggers a flush.

##### 258 work_mem

4MB

Sets the maximum memory to be used for query workspaces.

##### 259 xmlbinary

base64

Sets how binary values are to be encoded in XML.

##### 260 xmloption

content

Sets whether XML data in implicit parsing and serialization operations is to be considered as documents or content fragments.

##### 261 zero_damaged_pages	

off	

Continues processing past damaged page headers.

