## Core datatypes

### string 

#### keyword

存储如电子邮件，主机名，状态码，邮编，标签等信息，主要用于过滤、排序、聚合操作。

***keyword***字段只能通过精确值来搜索，无法指定指定分词器。

#### text

存储如邮件内容，商品描述等信息，不能排序、聚合操作。

***text***字段被编入倒排索引，可以自定义分词器。

### Numeric datatypes 

long, integer, short, byte, double, float, half_float, scaled_float 

### Date datatype 

date 

### Boolean datatype 

boolean 

### Binary datatype 

binary 

### Range datatypes 

integer_range, float_range, long_range, double_range, date_range 

 

## Complex datatypes

### Array datatype 

Array support does not require a dedicated type 

### Object datatype 

object for single JSON objects 

### Nested datatype 

nested for arrays of JSON objects 

 

## Geo datatypes

### Geo-point datatype 

geo_point for lat/lon points 

### Geo-Shape datatype 

geo_shape for complex shapes like polygons 

 

## Specialised datatypes

### IP datatype 

ip for IPv4 and IPv6 addresses 

### Completion datatype 

completion to provide auto-complete suggestions 

### Token count datatype 

token_count to count the number of tokens in a string 

### mapper-murmur3 

murmur3 to compute hashes of values at index-time and store them in the index 

### Attachment datatype 

See the mapper-attachments plugin which supports indexing attachments like Microsoft Office formats, Open Document formats, ePub, HTML, etc. into an attachment datatype. 

### Percolator type 

Accepts queries from the query-dsl 

### join datatype 

Defines parent/child relation for documents within the same index 

 

## Multi-fields

It is often useful to index the same field in different ways for different purposes. For instance, a string field could be mapped as a text field for full-text search, and as a keyword field for sorting or aggregations. Alternatively, you could index a text field with the standard analyzer, the english analyzer, and the french analyzer.

This is the purpose of multi-fields. Most datatypes support multi-fields via the fields parameter.