##### **Multiply**

This mode multiplies the luminosity of the base color by the blend color. The result is an overall darker and more intense effect. *Multiply* can produce many different levels of darkening depending on the luminosity of the blend layer. It’s perfect for darkening images or creating shadows.

##### **Darken**

This mode does not blend pixels, but compares the base and blend colors, and keeps the darker of the two. If the blend layer and the base layer color are the same, *Darken* makes no change.

##### **Color Burn**

*Color Burn* is a mode designed to mimic the use of the burn tool used to darken images in traditional photography. It increases the contrast between the base and blend colors resulting in more highly saturated mid-tones and reduced highlights, and an overall darker result than *Multiply*.

##### **Linear Burn**

*Linear Burn* decreases the brightness of the base color based on the value of the blend color for a result that is darker than *Multiply* but less saturated than *Color Burn*. It produces more contrast in darker colors than other Blend Modes.

##### **Darker Color**

*Darker Color* functions like *Darken*, but takes a composite of all the RGB channels rather than looking at each RGB channel individually.

##### **Lighten**

This mode does not blend pixels, but compares the base and blend colors, and keeps the brightest of the two. If the blend and base colors are the same, *Lighten* makes no change.

##### **Screen**

*Screen* produces different levels of brightening depending on the luminosity values of the blend layer, making it an ideal Blending Mode for brightening images or creating highlights.

##### **Color Dodge**

Based on the dodge tool used to brighten images in traditional photography, *Color Dodge* creates a brighter effect than *Screen* by decreasing the contrast between base and blend colors, resulting in saturated mid-tones and blown-out highlights.

##### **Add**

Similar to *Screen* or *Color Dodge*, *Add* produces even stronger results. It looks at the color information in each channel and brightens the base color to reflect the blend color by increasing the brightness.

##### **Lighter Color**

*Lighter Color* functions like *Lighten*, but takes a composite of all the RGB channels rather than looking at each RGB channel individually.

##### **Overlay**

*Overlay* works like a combination of *Multiply* and *Screen*, both lightening and darkening images by shifting the mid-tones. Dark blend colors shift the mid-tones to darker colors, and light tones shift the mid-tones to brighter colors.

##### **Soft Light**

A gentler version of *Overlay*, *Soft Light* applies subtle darkening or lightening effects based on luminance values, achieving a similar result without the harsh contrast.

##### **Hard Light**

As a combination of the *Multiply* and *Screen* Blending Modes, *Hard Light* uses the brightness values of the Blend layer to make its calculations, where *Overlay* uses the base layer. The results with *Hard Light*tend to be intense. As with all Blend Modes, reducing the layer’s opacity will soften the result.

##### **Vivid Light**

*Vivid Light* is an extreme version of *Overlay* and *Soft Light*. Anything darker than 50% gray is darkened, and anything lighter than 50% gray is lightened. Like *Hard Light*, it can produce very strong results, and may work best with reduced opacity.

##### **Linear Light**

Another Blend Mode that produces very strong results, *Linear Light* combines *Dodge* effects on lighter pixels with *Burn* effects on darker pixels. It can also benefit from reduced opacity.

##### **Pin Light**

An extreme Blend Mode, *Pin Light* performs *Darken* and *Lighten* simultaneously, creating a patchy result with all mid-tones removed.

##### **Hard Mix**

Creating a super-flat, super-saturated result that almost looks posterized, *Hard Mix* is an extreme Blend Mode that flattens detail. It provides a result using only white, black, or any of the six primary colours - red, green, blue, cyan, magenta, or yellow. Opacity adjustments can soften the result.

##### **Difference**

As the name suggests, *Difference* uses the difference of the base and blend colors to create the resulting blend. White pixels invest the colors of the base layer, black pixels produce no change, and dark grays apply slight darkening.

##### **Exclusion**

*Exclusion* works the same way as *Difference* on blacks and whites, but doesn’t darken grays.

##### **Subtract**

*Subtract* drastically darkens colors by subtracting brightness. Light areas are darkened the most, while already dark areas produce little change.

##### **Divide**

*Divide* is the opposite of *Subtract*. Darker colors create brighter results, while already light areas produce little change.

##### **Hue**

Use *Hue* to change the hues in a layer while maintaining the tones and saturation of the original.

##### **Saturation**

The *Saturation* Blend Mode preserves the luminosity and hue of the base layer while adopting the saturation of the blend layer.

##### **Color**

*Color* preserves the luminosity of the base layer while adopting the hue and saturation of the blend layer. This makes it ideal for coloring monochromatic images. You could, for example, create a fully shaded character portrait in greyscale, and use a *Color* layer over the top of it to quickly and easily bring it to full color.

##### **Luminosity**

*Luminosity* preserves the hue and saturation of the base layer while adopting the luminosity of the blend layer.