**Sketching**
Designed for practical drawing, planning, sketching and quick studies, these brushes mimic graphite pencils, technical pencils, pastels and artist crayons.

**Inking**
Ideal for cleaning up artwork and drawing in ink-centric styles like sumi-e, these brushes include a variety of ink-and-brush styles, technical pens, markers, gel pens, and dry ink effects.

**Drawing**
This set of brushes offers a range of rendering brushes for artistic drawing - a versatile mix of wet and dry mediums, they’re ideal for quick studies and life drawing.

**Painting**
Encompassing a range of realistic and digital painting effects, this selection of brushes covers mediums from acrylic to stucco to oil, and offers a range of brush behaviours including the drag of an aged brush and the smear of an oil brush loaded with turpentine.

**Artistic**
Texture is the focus of this fascinating brush set. Brushes offer a range of effects from watery to clumpy, and build up or strip away color to reveal an underlying texture of paper or canvas.

**Calligraphy**
Offered in a variety of textures with particular responsiveness to pressure, these brushes all have Streamline enabled, allowing letterers to create smooth and even calligraphic forms.

**Airbrushing**
A staple of classic digital art, the airbrush set allows artists to lay down pure color and smooth gradients fast.

**Textures**
Designed to lay down large areas of texture fast, this versatile set offers both realistic textures that mimic actual drawing surfaces, and highly digital visually perfect patterns such as Victorian swirls, mathematical grids, and tessellated cubes for use in design.

**Abstract**
This playful set demonstrates the more unusual capabilities of Procreate’s versatile Brush Studio. With pressure-sensitive brushes that change color, grow lighter, create smoky effects, or generate chaotic shapes, this is where you can see a demonstration of the unexpected effects you can achieve with brush customization.

**Charcoals**
This range of realistic charcoal brushes is ideal for studies, portraits, and life drawing.

**Elements**
These fantastical effects brushes instantly render convincing smoke, flames, water, clouds, and more.

**Spraypaints**
A variety of convincing spatter and spray effects are available in this grungy and versatile brush set.

**Touchups**
Quickly add fine touchups like hair, stubble, noise, and several styles of skin texture to turbocharge your concept art.

**Vintage**
Add a range of retro textures and scattered design elements to your creations with this vintage-inspired brush set.

**Luminance**
This mind-blowing brush takes advantage of the power of digital art to create a range of vivid light effects from pulses to galaxies, sparkles, and bokeh.

**Industrial**
Designed to quickly add realistic grunge textures to your art, the Industrial set is where you’ll find concrete, metal, stone, and rust effects.

**Organic**
The Organic brush set offers all things natural. It includes a range of scatter brushes to quickly add grass, leaves, and bark textures to concept pieces, but also offers brushes that mimic the strokes created by handmade mediums: ink with a reed, draw with bamboo, and paint with a sable brush.

**Water**
This set offers several realistic watercolour brushes, along with stamp brushes for splashes, flicks, blotches and drips.